Elastic-agent: add documentation about running agent on managed kubenetes environmets, need to adjust resource configuration (#1668)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.asciidoc

elastic-agent-olpsd   1/1     Running   0          12m
------------------------------------------------

> NOTE: you might need to adjust https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/[resource limits] of elastic-agent container
> in the `elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml` manifest: container resources usage depends on number of datastreams
> and the environment size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You might need to adjust https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/[resource limits] of the elastic-agent container
in the `elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml` manifest. Container resource usage depends on the number of datastreams
and the environment size.
```

and in such cases the Pod that will be collecting cluster level metrics might face performance
issues due to resources limitations. In this case users might consider to avoid using the
leader election strategy and instead run a dedicated, standalone {agent} instance using
a Deployment in addition to the DaemonSet.

[discrete]

> == Deploying {agent} to managed kubenetes environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Deploying {agent} to managed Kubernetes environment
```

> On managed Kubernetes solutions, such as AKS, GKE or EKS, {agent} has no access to collect metrics from the [Kubernetes control plane](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On managed Kubernetes solutions, such as AKS, GKE or EKS, {agent} has no access to collect metrics from the https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components[Kubernetes control plane]
```

> On managed kubernetes solutions such as AKS, GKE or EKS, elastic-agent has no access to collect metrics from the [kubernetes control plane](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components)
> components, like `kube-scheduler` and `kube-controller-manager`, that are scheduled on kubernetes master nodes.
> 
> Audit logs are available only on kubernetes master nodes as well, hense can not be collected by elastic-agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On managed Kubernetes solutions, such as AKS, GKE or EKS, {agent} has no access to collect metrics from the [Kubernetes control plane](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components)
components, like `kube-scheduler` and `kube-controller-manager`, that are scheduled on Kubernetes master nodes.

Audit logs are available only on Kubernetes master nodes as well and hence cannot be collected by {agent}.
```
